readme.md, before:

gulp-subdir-rename
===================
Dynamically rename subdirectories of a glob on a per-file-basis by using base-files within the subdirectories.

### Purpose
The need for this plugin arose within a project where we had to pull automatically 
generated modules, which were stored under ugly guid-named folders, and put them into our IDE. 
What we wanted was to have the actual modules name as folder name.

*Why don't you use `gulp-rename`*?

One Simple reason: We only know the folders name for a file during execution time,
so we can not use static configuration. And also, the name of the subfolder for a file
is actually stored in a file WITHIN this exact subfolder. You could achieve this with a rather complex function
given to `gulp-rename()` - but this is bascially what this plugin does for you.


### Example
Suppose you have several modules in a folder structure like this:
```
app
|
├── 9ABD4D9D80C702AF85C822A8
|        ├── module.json
|        └── ... some other files
└── CJF4D4L0D80C702AF85CJFA9
         ├──module.json
         └── ... some other files and subdirs
```

The modules folders are weird GUIDs, the modules names are actually stored within each `module.json`.
What you actually want is this:

```
app
|
├── module1
|        ├──module.json
|        └── ... some other files
└── module2
         ├──module.json
         └── ... some other files and subdirs
```

With `gulp-subdir-rename`, it is as easy as this:
```JavaScript
// gulpfile.js

var gulp = require('gulp'),
	subdirRename = require('gulp-subdir-rename');


gulp.task('default', function () {
	gulp.src('./source/**/**.*')
		.pipe(subdirRename({
			baseFile : 'module.json',
			renameTo : function (baseFileData) {
				var moduleJSON = JSON.parse(baseFileData);
				return moduleJSON.moduleName;
			}
		}))
		.pipe(gulp.dest('./target'));
});
```
Also see the '/examples'-Folder.

### Usage
`gulp-subdir-rename` renames the first subfolder after the base-path of what you `gulp.src()`. The base-path is usually
where the glob starts, so for example for a  `gulp.src('/base/path/**')` it would be `/base/path`.

`require(gulp-subdir-rename)` returns a function that accepts an options-object with two parameters:

* **baseFile** - *string* : Path to the file you wanna pull the subdirectories name from. The Path must be relative
to the subdirectory that's to be renamed (so the first directy after the base-path). It's content will be given as a
paramter to `renameTo()`.
* **renameTo** - *function(baseFileContent)* : The functions return value will be used as the new subdirectories name.
It's parameter are the contents of the specified `baseFile` (as a string).

### Limitations
There are some limitations to the functionality of this plugin, as it is suffice as it is to my own requirements
right now and i tried to keep it as simple as possible. If you wish for enhancements, just let me know or simply put
up a pull-request. Known Limitations are:

* As stated several times, the only directory that can be renamed is the first one after the base-path
* The `renamteTo()`-Function can only handle synchronous functions

Commit message:

Added installation and refactored usage and example.

readme.md, after:

gulp-subdir-rename
===================
Dynamically rename subdirectories on a per-file-basis.

### Purpose
The need for this plugin arose within a project where we had to pull automatically 
generated modules, which were stored under ugly guid-named folders, and put them into our IDE. 
What we wanted was to have the actual modules name as folder name.

*Why don't you use `gulp-rename`*?

One Simple reason: We only know the folders name for a file during execution time,
so we can not use static configuration. And also, the wanted name of the sub-directory
is actually found in a file WITHIN this exact sub-directory. What would work with a rather complex function
to `gulp-rename()` is done easily with this plugin.

### Installation
`npm install gulp-subdir-rename`

### Usage
Suppose you have several modules in a folder structure where the directory names are weird GUIDs, the modules names are
actually stored within a `module.json` under each module-subdirectory, like this:
```
app
|
├── 9ABD4D9D80C702AF85C822A8
|        ├── module.json
|        └── ... some other files
└── CJF4D4L0D80C702AF85CJFA9
         ├──module.json
         └── ... some other files and subdirs
```

What you actually want is this:
```
app
|
├── module1
|        ├──module.json
|        └── ... some other files
└── module2
         ├──module.json
         └── ... some other files and subdirs
```

With `gulp-subdir-rename`, it is as easy as this:
```JavaScript
// gulpfile.js

var gulp = require('gulp'),
	subdirRename = require('gulp-subdir-rename');


gulp.task('default', function () {
	gulp.src('./source/**/**.*')
		.pipe(subdirRename({
			baseFile : './module.json',
			renameTo : function (baseFileData) {
				var moduleJSON = JSON.parse(baseFileData);
				return moduleJSON.moduleName;
			}
		}))
		.pipe(gulp.dest('./target'));
});
```
Also see the '/examples'-Folder for a work example, just execute gulp.

### API
`gulp-subdir-rename` renames the first subfolder after the base-path of what you `gulp.src()`. The base-path is usually
where the glob starts, so for example for a  `gulp.src('/base/path/**')` it would be `/base/path`.

`require(gulp-subdir-rename)` returns a function that accepts an options-object with two parameters:

* **baseFile** - *string* : Path to the file you wanna pull the subdirectories name from. The Path must be relative
to the subdirectory that's to be renamed (so the first directory after the base-path). It's content will be given as a
paramter to `renameTo()`. 
* **renameTo** - *function(baseFileContent)* : The functions return value will be used as the new subdirectories name.
It's parameter are the contents of the specified `baseFile` (as a string).

### Limitations
There are some limitations to the functionality of this plugin, as it is suffice as it is to my own requirements
right now and i tried to keep it as simple as possible. If you wish for enhancements, just let me know and I'll be
happy to work them in. You can also put a pull-request, of course.

Right now the known limitations are:

* As stated several times, the only directory that can be renamed is the first one after the base-path
* The `renamteTo()`-Function can only handle synchronous functions
